hey Mona is going to look like pokemon
tower defense all this time we're
actually not gonna be doing the zap-zap
dose co-op challenge because I just
tried recording bats and I was that well
I was literally sitting there for like
10 minutes and no one was joining it so
I'm supposing that a lot of people don't
really want to do it probably when it
first came out a lot of people want to
do it but now Bieber like meh not that
great so yeah nobody nobody does it like
I'm just sitting staring at a screen for
like hours so yeah I know that it took a
long time because I was recording it
just in case of the happened so this
time we're gonna be doing Veridian
ending so I'm excited to see kind of
what's up in here
I'm let's just take around a party
Pokemon once again we have no idea where
we're gonna be faceless so I'm gonna go
in the safe side I guess I don't know
cool let's just grab bunch around guys
who are not used often I don't really
use you yet have I
okay cool
brilliancy after the battle against Gary
yeah I knew you could do it you really
are the strongest of us here but you
still need a few things to be able to
feed you three what things yeah what are
you talking about Gary don't worry about
it I got everything you need right here
first this is the earth badge this badge
will allow you to control powerful
Pokemon like the legendary birds also
here take this hidden take these eight
gems they will teach you Pokemon how to
fly surf and you strength lastly here
are some max potion they will they will
heal your pokemon completely hmm
interesting that's actually really
interesting I'm very very very
interested right now now we will charge
it to the indigo plateau Oh rocking
closes voice like you are you aren't
going anywhere you aren't going anywhere
brought you get women real women me else
Giovanni
huh where are we lovely women who who
with him and back it was like I was in a
bad dream news 3 is in the indigo
plateau right yes he is blocking the
path with his servants we won't be able
to make it through well I guess it'll be
up to you will create diversion while
you sneak into the indigo plateau you
will have to do this alone
I believe in you believe in me who
believes in you believe it
an hour later everybody left but the old
man stayed behind to talk to you
now that you have served lion strength
hidden machines
you can't floor the new areas that you
couldn't before I was once young like
you so I know the rush that comes from
exploring new things you might find some
new Pokemon will help you defeat me you
three oh that's interesting so now that
I have these hmm that's interesting
if I go into a level with these eight
channels maybe a different Pokemon okay
that's pretty interesting actually I'm
gonna go see that that's it yeah
although I'm feeling shouldn't have
encountered most of the Pokemon I don't
know we'll see
you might find some new Pokemon that
will help you defeat you three
old man would like to trade a Slugger
for my liquor Tom
would you like to trade a Slowbro for my
liquor tongue okay so I have my shiny
slow bro cooked right now I was assuming
it I don't want to trade him when I get
another one if someone will be lovely
enough to trade with me now go for shiny
liquid song but until then I want to
keep my shiny silver oh I feel like he's
more useful in the tub at least
now what was I talking about the most
important thing is for you to believe in
yourself you can do anything as long as
you work hard enough something love but
I'm rambling believe in yourself and
give it your all if you that you'll be
able to accept the outcome but between
you and me
the outcome is that you will win go on
young lad make us proud oh is that it
oh my god the epilogue oh my god is like
tons more levels oh my god
okay Oh
legendaries gonna catch the legend wait
for it dary 'he's alright so that was a
really quick episode thank you guys for
watching and stay tuned for more pokemon
tower defense where we hopefully capture
some Legendary's and try to defeat mew 3